docs: Added decision records for python tooling (#287)
eclipse-score/score: tools/decision_records/python_tooling.md

# Decision Record: Python Tooling Selection

## Status
Agreed

## Context

> Selection of Python development tools needs to be made to ensure consistent code quality and maintainability across our codebase.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selection of Python development tools needs to be made to aid in consistent code quality and maintainability across our codebase.   
```

Reviewer: let's be clear that tools only support and do not ensure quality.

Reviewer: or "support"
